# Logo
This repository contains various representations of my logo, a mix of a `m` and a `1`.
The various versions have been generated from the `m1.svg` file.
In addition to the graphical versions, a font is available as well to import the logo in various programs.

The color palette is <span style="color: #000000> `#0000000` </span> for the pure black and <span style="color:#AA0000> `#AA0000` </span> for the red.

`.png` pictures have been exported for each variant of the logo, in three available resolutions, a low-res `256x256`, a `512x512` and a high-res `2048x2048`.

### Clouds
The regular version of the logo, that I use in 99% of cases. The logo has no transparency and features clouds in the background.
This version might be heavy to use as a `.svg` due to the clouds, and using the high-res `.png` version could be better in some cases.

### Alpha
The regular logo, with an alpha background.

### White
The regular logo, with without transparency and a white background.

### Black_White
A black and white (greyscale) version of the logo, with a white background and no transparency.

### Outline
A pure outline (in black) of the logo, with a transparent background.


# Font
The file `font.ttf` is a TrueType font generated by icomoon.io from the `font.svg` file.
It can be useful to import the black & white, outlined, logo in different programs (notaby CAD software such as Altium Designer) as a font.
As a font, the logo can be scaled easily to any size.

This font contains a single changed character the `m` (`0x6d`) character.
The font is called `m1` on the file system, and is licensed under GPLv3.

You might need to restart your program for it to refresh its font list after installation.
In certain programs, such as Word, using any other character than `m` will reset the select font to the default document's font.
